# **Terms of Service**
## **Last Updated: [1/13/2021]**

Please read these Terms of Service (the “**Terms**”) and our [Privacy Policy](https://darkstoregh.github.io/legal/fastaf_privacy) (“**Privacy Policy**”) carefully because they govern your use of Darkstore, Inc. (“**Darkstore**”)’s mobile application (“**App**”) and the purchase of any product offered for sale by Darkstore via the App (each such product, a “**Product**”). To make these Terms easier to read, the App and our online store are collectively called the “**Services.**”

**IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING ARBITRATION: WHEN YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS YOU ARE AGREEING (WITH LIMITED EXCEPTION) TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN YOU AND DARKSTORE THROUGH BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION RATHER THAN IN COURT. PLEASE REVIEW CAREFULLY SECTION 16 “DISPUTE RESOLUTION” BELOW FOR DETAILS REGARDING ARBITRATION.**

1. **Agreement to Terms.** By using our Services or purchasing a Product on the App, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you don’t agree to be bound by these Terms, do not use the Services or make any Product purchase.

2. **Privacy Policy.** Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your use of the Services and Product purchases on the App, for information on how we collect, use and share your information.

3. **Changes to these Terms or the Services.** We may update the Terms from time to time in our sole discretion. If we do, we’ll let you know by posting the updated Terms to the App and/or may also send other communications. It’s important that you review the Terms whenever we update them or you use the Services or make a purchase on the App. If you continue to use the Services or make a Product purchase after we have posted updated Terms it means that you accept and agree to the changes. If you don’t agree to be bound by the changes, you may not use the Services or make purchases on the App anymore. The only exception is for changes to the “Dispute Resolution” section, for which you have followed the process in Section 16(g). Because our Services are evolving over time we may change or discontinue all or any part of the Services, at any time and without notice, at our sole discretion.

4. **Who May Use the Services?** You may use the Services or make a purchase on the App only if you are 18 years or older and capable of forming a binding contract with Darkstore, and not otherwise barred from using the Services under applicable law. For certain features of the Services you’ll need an account. It’s important that you provide us with accurate, complete and current account information and keep this information up to date. If you don’t, we might have to suspend or terminate your account. To protect your account, keep the account details and password confidential, and notify us right away of any unauthorized use. You’re responsible for all activities that occur under your account.

5. **Feedback.** We appreciate feedback, comments, ideas, proposals and suggestions for improvements to the Services (“**Feedback**”). If you choose to submit Feedback, you agree that we are free to use it without any restriction or compensation to you. 

6. **Terms of Sale.**

    (a) __End Users Only__. You must be an end user to purchase Products on the App. Resellers are not eligible for purchase. We reserve the right to limit quantities purchased per person or per order.

    (b) __Order Acceptance and Cancellation__. You agree that your order is an offer to buy, under these Terms, all Products listed in your order. All orders must be accepted by us or we will not be obligated to sell the Products to you. We may choose not to accept orders at our sole discretion, including if we are unable to obtain authorization for payment, shipping restrictions apply to a particular Product, or the Product(s) you order are out of stock.

    (c) __Pricing__. All prices posted on the App are subject to change without notice. The price charged for a Product will be the price in effect at the time the order is placed. Price increases will only apply to orders placed after such changes. We do not provide price protection or refunds in the event of subsequent price decreases or promotions. Posted prices do not include taxes or delivery charges. All such taxes and charges will be added to your merchandise total, and will be itemized in your shopping cart and in your order confirmation email. We strive to display accurate price information, however we may, on occasion, make inadvertent typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions related to pricing and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions at any time and to cancel any orders arising from such occurrences.

    (d) __Payment__. When you submit an order for a Product (each, a “**Transaction**”), you expressly authorize us (or our third-party payment processor) to charge you for such Transaction. We may ask you to supply additional information relevant to your Transaction, including your credit card number, the expiration date of your credit card and your email and postal addresses for billing and notification (such information, “**Payment Information**”). You represent and warrant that you have the legal right to use all payment method(s) represented by any such Payment Information. When you initiate a Transaction, you authorize us to provide your Payment Information to third parties so we can complete your Transaction and to charge your payment method for the type of Transaction you have selected (plus any applicable taxes and other charges). You may need to provide additional information to verify your identity before completing your Transaction (such information is included within the definition of Payment Information). By initiating a Transaction, you agree to the pricing, payment and billing policies applicable to such fees and charges, as posted or otherwise communicated to you. All payments for Transactions are non-
    able and non-transferable except as expressly provided in these Terms. All fees and applicable taxes, if any, are payable in United States dollars.

    (e) __Delivery__. Please refer to (<https://res.cloudinary.com/fastaf/raw/upload/v1600360149/legal/FasttAF_Delivery_Policy.docx>) for our delivery policy. We are responsible for each purchase that you make during the time the Product is in transit until it is delivered to your specified delivery address. Once a Product is delivered to your delivery address, responsibility for the purchased Product passes to you. 

    (f) __Returns and Refunds__. Please refer to (<https://res.cloudinary.com/fastaf/image/upload/v1600360175/legal/FastAF_Returns_and_Refunds.pdf>) for our returns policy.

    (g) __Refer-a-Friend Code__. From time to time, Darkstore may offer a promotional code that you may share with friends for use on the App ("**Refer-a-Friend Code**"). For purposes of this Section 6(g), when you share your Refer-a-Friend Code with a person, you are considered a "**Referrer**" and the person who received your Refer-a-Friend Code is considered a "**Referred User**". The Referred User may redeem the Refer-a-Friend Code towards his/her first purchase of Products on the App, provided that such purchase has a total value of at least $35 (excluding tasex, delivery fees and any other charges)(for clarity, the Refer-a-Friend Code cannot be used on subsequent purchases by the Referred User). When a Referred User makes a purchase using your Refer-a-Friend Code, you will be awarded a credit in the amount of $20, which you may redeem towards a purchase of Products on the App (credits are not redeemable for cash or any cash equivalent). Refer-a-Friend Codes (i) are non-transferable, (ii) cannot be combined with other promotions, discounts or offers, and (iii) cannot be redeemed for cash or any cash equivalent. Darkstore reserves the right to change the terms applicable to Refer-a-Friend Codes at any time, in its sole descretion.

    (h) __Other Promotional Codes__. From time to time, Darkstore may offer other promotional codes that are redeemable towards a purchase of Products (“**Promo Codes**”). Please review the terms provided with each Promo Code for eligibility and other applicable terms and conditions, which may include expiration dates, minimum purchase amounts or other restrictions or limitations. Only valid Promo Codes issued by Darkstore will be honored by Darkstore. Each Promo Code offered by Darkstore (i) is non-transferable, (ii) is valid for one single purchase on the App, (iii) cannot be combined with other promotions, discounts or offers (including the Refer-a-Friend Codes), and (iv) cannot be redeemed for cash or any cash equivalent. Darkstore is not responsible for any unauthorized use of Promo Codes or for any promotional codes you received from any other site or source. The monetary value of the Promo Code will not be refunded or credited back if the Product purchased using the Promo Code is returned. Promo Codes are void if copied, transferred, sold, exchanged or expired, and where prohibited.

7. **Intellectual Property.** We may make available through the Services content that is subject to intellectual property rights. We retain all rights to that content.

8. **Rights and Terms for Apps.**

    (a) __App License__. If you comply with these Terms, Darkstore grants to you a limited non-exclusive, non-transferable license, with no right to sublicense, to download and install the App on your personal computers, mobile handsets, tablets, wearable devices, and/or other devices and to run the App solely for your own personal non-commercial purposes. Except as expressly permitted in these Terms, you may not: (i) copy, modify or create derivative works based on the App; (ii) distribute, transfer, sublicense, lease, lend or rent the App to any third party; (iii) reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the App (unless applicable law permits, despite this limitation); or (iv) make the functionality of the App available to multiple users through any means. 

    (b) __Additional Information: Apple App Store__. This Section 8(b) applies to any App that you acquire from the Apple App Store or use on an iOS device. Apple has no obligation to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the App. In the event of any failure of the App to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the App purchase price to you (if applicable) and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the App. Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or any third party relating to the App or your possession and use of it, including, but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the App fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any third-party claim that your possession and use of the App infringe that third party's intellectual property rights. Apple and its subsidiaries, are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and upon your acceptance of the Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof. Apple and its subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and upon your acceptance of the Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof. You represent and warrant that (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a terrorist-supporting country; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. You must also comply with any applicable third-party terms of service when using the App.

9. **General Prohibitions and Darkstore’s Enforcement Rights.** You agree not to do any of the following:

    (a) Use, display, mirror or frame the Services or any individual element within the Services, Darkstore’s name, any Darkstore trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any page or form contained on a page, without Darkstore’s express written consent; 

    (b) Access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Services, Darkstore’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Darkstore’s providers; 

    (c) Attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of any Darkstore system or network or breach any security or authentication measures; 

    (d) Avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble or otherwise circumvent any technological measure implemented by Darkstore or any of Darkstore’s providers or any other third party (including another user) to protect the Services; 

    (e) Attempt to access or search the Services or download content from the Services using any engine, software, tool, agent, device or mechanism (including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools or the like) other than the software and/or search agents provided by Darkstore or other generally available third-party web browsers; 

    (f) Use any meta tags or other hidden text or metadata utilizing a Darkstore trademark, logo URL or Product name without Darkstore’s express written consent; 

    (g) Use the Services, or any portion thereof, for any commercial purpose or for the benefit of any third party or in any manner not permitted by these Terms; 

    (h) Attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software used to provide the Services; 

    (i) Interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing the Services; 

    (j) Violate any applicable law or regulation; or

    (k) Encourage or enable any other individual to do any of the foregoing.

    Darkstore is not obligated to monitor access to or use of the Services or to review or edit any content. However, we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Services, to ensure compliance with these Terms and to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements. We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to remove or disable access to any content, at any time and without notice, including, but not limited to, if we, at our sole discretion, consider it objectionable or in violation of these Terms. We have the right to investigate violations of these Terms or conduct that affects the Services. We may also consult and cooperate with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the law.

10. **Links to Third Party Websites or Resources.** The Services may allow you to access third-party websites or other resources. We provide access only as a convenience and are not responsible for the content, products or services on or available from those resources or links displayed on such websites. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from, your use of any third-party resources.

11. **Termination.** We may suspend or terminate your access to and use of the Services, including suspending access to or terminating your account, at our sole discretion, at any time and without notice to you. Upon any termination, discontinuation or cancellation of the Services or your account, the following Sections will survive: 6(d) (only for payments due and owing to Darkstore prior to the termination), 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17.

12. **Warranty Disclaimers.**

    (a) TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SERVICES AND ALL PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. We make no warranty that the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. We make no warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness or reliability of any information or content on the Services.

    (b) We do not manufacture or control any of the Products offered for sale on the App. The availability of Products through the App does not indicate an affiliation with or endorsement of any Product or manufacturer. Accordingly, we do not provide any warranties with respect to the Products. However, the Products may be covered by the manufacturer’s warranty as detailed in the Product’s description on the App and included with the Product. To obtain warranty service for defective Products, please follow the instructions included in the manufacturer’s warranty.

13. **Indemnity.** You will indemnify and hold Darkstore and its officers, directors, employees and agents, harmless from and against any claims, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, and costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees arising out of or in any way connected with (a) your access to or use of the Services, or (b) your violation of these Terms.

14. **Limitation of Liability.**

    (a) TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NEITHER DARKSTORE NOR ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS OR SUPPLIERS INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SERVICES OR THE PRODUCTS WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOST REVENUES, LOST SAVINGS, LOST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, LOSS OF DATA OR GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, COMPUTER DAMAGE OR SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR ANY PRODUCT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT DARKSTORE OR ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS OR SUPPLIERS HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. 

    (b) TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY THE LAW OF THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION, IN NO EVENT WILL DARKSTORE’S TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES  OR THE PRODUCTS EXCEED (A) THE AMOUNTS YOU HAVE PAID FOR THE PURCHASE OF THE PRODUCT IN QUESTION, OR FOR USE OF THE SERVICES (AS APPLICABLE), OR (B) ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100), IF YOU HAVE NOT HAD ANY PAYMENT OBLIGATIONS TO DARKSTORE, AS APPLICABLE. 

    (c) THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN DARKSTORE AND YOU.

15. **Governing Law and Forum Choice.** These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, federal arbitration law, and the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in Section 16 “Dispute Resolution,” the exclusive jurisdiction for all Disputes (defined below) that you and Darkstore are not required to arbitrate will be the state and federal courts located in the Northern District of California, and you and Darkstore each waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts.

16. **Dispute Resolution.**

    (a) __Mandatory Arbitration of Disputes__. We each agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the Services or any Products (collectively, “**Disputes**”) will be resolved **solely by binding, individual arbitration and not in a class, representative or consolidated action or proceeding**. You and Darkstore agree that the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of these Terms, and that you and Darkstore are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. This arbitration provision shall survive termination of these Terms. 

    (b) __Exceptions__. As limited exceptions to Section 16(a) above: (i) we both may seek to resolve a Dispute in small claims court if it qualifies; and (ii) we each retain the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief from a court to prevent (or enjoin) the infringement or misappropriation of our intellectual property rights. 

    (c) __Conducting Arbitration and Arbitration Rules__. The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (“**AAA**”) under its Consumer Arbitration Rules (the “**AAA Rules**”) then in effect, except as modified by these Terms. The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. A party who wishes to start arbitration must submit a written Demand for Arbitration to AAA and give notice to the other party as specified in the AAA Rules. The AAA provides a form Demand for Arbitration at www.adr.org. 
    
    Any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) where you live, unless we both agree to a different location. The parties agree that the arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to decide all issues relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability and scope of this arbitration agreement.
    
    (d) __Arbitration Costs__. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Rules, and we won’t seek to recover the administration and arbitrator fees we are responsible for paying, unless the arbitrator finds your Dispute frivolous. If we prevail in arbitration we’ll pay all of our attorneys’ fees and costs and won’t seek to recover them from you. If you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses to the extent provided under applicable law.

    (e) __Injunctive and Declaratory Relief__. Except as provided in Section 16(b) above, the arbitrator shall determine all issues of liability on the merits of any claim asserted by either party and may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. To the extent that you or we prevail on a claim and seek public injunctive relief (that is, injunctive relief that has the primary purpose and effect of prohibiting unlawful acts that threaten future injury to the public), the entitlement to and extent of such relief must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not in arbitration. The parties agree that litigation of any issues of public injunctive relief shall be stayed pending the outcome of the merits of any individual claims in arbitration.

    (f) __Class Action Waiver__. **YOU AND DARKSTORE AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.**  Further, if the parties’ dispute is resolved through arbitration, the arbitrator may not consolidate another person's claims with your claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.  If this specific provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this Dispute Resolution section shall be null and void.

    (g) __Effect of Changes on Arbitration__. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3 “Changes to Terms or Services” above, if Darkstore changes any of the terms of this Section 16 “Dispute Resolution” after the date you most recently accepted these Terms, you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email to <support@fastaf.com>) within 30 days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the “Last Updated” date above or in the date of Darkstore’s email to you notifying you of such change. By rejecting any change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and Darkstore in accordance with the terms of this Section 16 “Dispute Resolution” as of the date you most recently accepted these Terms.

    (h) __Severability__. With the exception of any of the provisions in Section 16(e) of these Terms ("**Class Action Waiver**"), if an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction decides that any part of these Terms is invalid or unenforceable, the other parts of these Terms will still apply.

17. **General Terms.**

    (a) __Reservation of Rights__. Darkstore and its licensors exclusively own all right, title and interest in and to the Services, including all associated intellectual property rights. You acknowledge that the Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. You agree not to remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services.

    (b) __Entire Agreement__. These Terms constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between Darkstore and you regarding the Services, and these Terms supersede and replace all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Darkstore and you regarding the Services. If any provision of these Terms is held invalid or unenforceable by an arbitrator or a court of competent jurisdiction, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect. You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without Darkstore’s prior written consent. Any attempt by you to assign or transfer these Terms, without such consent, will be null. Darkstore may freely assign or transfer these Terms without restriction. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.

    (c) __Notices__. Any notices or other communications provided by Darkstore under these Terms will be given: (i) via email; or (ii) by posting to the Services. For notices made by email, the date of receipt will be deemed the date on which such notice is transmitted.

    (d) __Waiver of Rights__. Darkstore’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision. The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of Darkstore. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise.

18. **Contact Information.** If you have any questions about these Terms or the Services, please contact Darkstore at <support@fastaf.com>.
